Hello, and welcome to the world's best Python boot camp.
My name is Angela.
I'm a senior developer and the lead instructor at the AppBerry, London's highest rated programming
boot camp.
To date, I've taught over half a million students in person and online, and I'm so excited to
be your instructor on this course.
As a student on this course, you're going to get access to over 56 hours of HD video content,
which contains step-by-step tutorials, interactive coding exercises, quizzes, and more.
The course is structured around the 100 days of code challenge.
So you can look forward to 100 days of lovingly crafted content that is going to cover every
aspect of Python programming, from web development to data science.
It's the only course you need to become a professional Python developer.
Every day on the course, you're going to use what you've learned to build a new project.
You'll build a bot that texts you in the morning if it will rain that day,
so you never forget your umbrella again.
You'll build classic arcade games like Snake and Pong to impress your friends by challenging
them to a game that you built.
You'll learn to make sense of complex data and create beautiful visualizations
to impress your colleagues at work.
You'll create a program that automatically sends happy birthday emails to your friends and family.
Never forget mom's birthday again.
You'll work on projects that clone real-world startups.
Cheap flight club, check.
Build your own blog, check.
Twitter bot, check.
And there are so many more projects waiting to be discovered by you.
100 projects in total.
So if you're somebody who wants to get a job as a Python developer,
then this is perfect for building up your portfolio to show off at your next interview.
Now this course assumes absolutely no prior programming experience.
So if you're somebody who's never coded before,
I'll be with you every step of the way as I take you from programming fundamentals
through to more intermediate and advanced programming concepts.
You're going to learn Python from scratch.
Now if you're an advanced developer on the other hand,
then take a look at the curriculum and start at the level that suits you best.
From beginner to professional, every level is covered in the course.
Got school?
Working a full-time job?
Have to look after kids?
I know you're busy.
I've timed each day of the course to take less than two hours to complete
so you can fit the course around your life.
This course has exactly the same curriculum as our in-person programming bootcamp.
So instead of spending thousands of dollars and taking time off work,
you'll get access to exactly the same curriculum with years of design and testing behind it
to ensure that you don't just know what to do but also why you're doing it.
Now don't just take my word for it.
Check out what my past students had to say about my courses.
So what are you still waiting for?
Find out why over half a million students have rated my course five stars
and see what you can do by mastering Python.
Hi.
This is where you start the course.
But first, I want to tell you a little bit about it
because this is more than a course.
It's a journey.
And it's a challenge.
A challenge to yourself.
I often hear people say,
I want to learn to code.
I want to become an app developer.
I want a new job.
I want to build my app.
But without action, those words are meaningless.
But you are different.
I know it.
Even though I don't know you personally,
I know you purchased this course and you haven't left it at that.
You've made a start.
And success comes to those who show up.
And you showed up today.
I know you can do this.
You can make your dreams come true.
You can change your own future.
And you can change the lives of those people around you.
One of the questions I hear most often is,
what's the best way to learn to code?
Well, here it is.
It's the 100 days of code challenge.
Code for at least an hour over 100 days.
You're practicing a muscle to get strong at coding.
Then the next question, inevitably, is,
well, what do I do each day?
And I've spent years thinking about this question.
And finally, I'm now able to definitively answer that.
It's this course.
Every day, you're going to learn and apply new programming concepts.
After 100 days of repeating this process,
not only will you have covered the entire professional Python curriculum,
you'll also be so good that they can't ignore you.
There are just two rules to get the most out of this course.
One, pledge to code for an hour a day for 100 days.
To keep yourself accountable, I recommend downloading the course pledge.
This is a contract with yourself.
You can print it out and pin it somewhere you can always see.
For example, above your computer or on your desk.
By signing the pledge, you're making a commitment to yourself.
It's only for you.
No one else needs to see it.
You can download the pledge in the course resources for this lesson.
The second rule is to log your progress using the 100 days of code hashtag on Twitter.
There are millions of other students who are on this journey with you,
and they will support you when times get tough.
I recommend tweeting your progress each day with the hashtag 100 days of code
and search the hashtag on Twitter to see what others are doing
as a part of their 100 days.
And that's all there is to it.
So here's to your success and let's get started with the course.
Hey guys, it's Angela here.
After I made this course, I decided to take it myself
so I could see what it's like to be in your shoes.
Along the way, I realized there are things we could create
to make your learning experience easier and even more enjoyable.
So in this video, I'm going to share my top tips
and how to use all the tools and resources we built for you.
The first tip I have for you is to use another screen.
That way, you can watch the lesson on a tablet or phone and code on your main computer.
So you can code along with me and get practice
instead of just listening to the videos.
Programming is a practical skill.
So just as you need practice when learning skateboarding,
you also need practice to get good at programming.
Tip number two.
I created a Python syntax cheat sheet which you can download and print out.
It contains some of the most common programming concepts we'll learn
and it's a handy reference to have when you're doing the coding challenges.
You can download this in the course resources for this lesson
where you'll also find my 12 rules to learn to code ebook.
One of the hardest things about learning is keeping the motivation high.
I find I'm usually more motivated when I'm in the library or a cafe
where I can see other people studying or working hard.
So I decided to create a two-hour study with me video where I'm concentrating hard.
We'll work for 25 minutes at a time
and then take a five-minute break before we get back to the next pomodoro.
Tip number four.
When you're learning new programming concepts,
it's a good idea to note down how the code works while your mind is fresh on that topic.
So I created a coding notes page that you can print out and collate to create a coding notebook.
The note paper is the perfect place to write down examples of coding concepts you've learned.
It comes with line numbers and handy indentation guides
which is super useful when it comes to writing out Python code.
Coding is not like history.
There's nothing you need to memorize.
It's a bit like baking.
You don't need to remember the recipe.
You just need to get practice and understand how to use the recipe.
One of the most helpful note-taking systems for learning is the Cornell note method.
In our coding notebook, we've incorporated all the key elements from Cornell,
including the sidebar where you can write comments on each line of code
and the bottom summary section where you can write an overview of the concept you just learned.
In the course resources for this lesson,
you'll also find some desktop wallpapers I've created for you.
They contain some of the messages I keep around my desk to keep me motivated
and I hope they'll help you too.
Tip number five.
Celebrate after you complete each day.
Because this course is designed to take you from beginner to professional,
as you go from day to day, there will be less and less tutorial and more and more practice.
To keep you on track, I've created a hundred days of code poster.
Once you complete a day, you can check it off on the poster.
So print it out, put it up on a wall and take each day as a challenge.
Reward yourself after each day you tick off and day by day you'll learn and grow as a developer.
This course is a safe space where you can make mistakes, ask questions,
but most importantly, become confident in your skills as a programmer.
I had so much fun building this course
and I hope that you'll enjoy it as much as I did.
So here's to your success.
